hi
everyone my name is morley zai and
welcome back to Stellar's engineering
talk series
i lead the app team on vibrant and I'm
I lead the app team on vibrant and I'm
going to talk to you today about how our
app handles deposits and withdrawals
at the end of my talk i'll field any
questions you have
i think there's a qr code at the bottom
I think there's a qr code at the bottom
of the broadcast
or you can drop the questions in the
youtube chat and i'll answer them at the
end
so first i'll briefly explain what
vibrate is in case you haven't heard of
it
so we just launched this week in the app
store it's a soft launch for now
it's an app that lets you deposit local
currency
and convert them to and from the usd
token on the Stellar network
like i said we've soft launched this
like I said we've soft launched this
week our first market is argentina
because that's
kind of where people will see the most
benefit
and our goal is for people to
protect themselves from currency risk
and
we're hoping that the app is easy it
is is easy enough to use so that people
ordinary people can use it not just
people who are really into current
cryptocurrency and understand you know
how
the Stellar network works that way
the most the most amount of people can
use the product and realize its benefits
so for this app to work in that with
that goal
people have to be able to take their
existing money
which can be in cash or in their bank
accounts
and get it onto the seller network the
vibrant app doesn't actually do this
step
so we use third parties which the
Stellar network calls anchors to handle
this exchange
so first i'll show you what it looks
like for a user and then i'll go into
the flow
and show you what's happening under the
hood so
we're going to go through a test net
version of the app
and we're going to use the Stellar
reference token which
is kind of a reference reference
implementation for step 24
and has the the same deposit you api
that the actual
production anchors use so when a user
wants to add tokens from outside the app
into the app
they have a few options the one that
we're going to talk
about today is is getting money from
outside the Stellar network into the
network
so again this cash credit card or bank
account
deposit so each anchor
has their own policies about minimum and
maximum
deposits so we have to show that to a
user and we
also want to give a user a rough
explanation of how long
they can expect this deposit to take
the user will see a ui where they can
enter their deposit amount
and any know your customer
information that the anchor requires
and then the the user will see
instructions about how to complete the
deposit so
if it's a cash transaction they'll see
how to deposit the cash if it's a bank
transfer they'll see instructions of
what they can enter into their bank
if if they're deposing with credit card
they'll see a credit card form
basically it'll it'll tell the user what
to do next after they've
they've done the step if if the user
has the app open
when the anchor when when they're
finished with their part and it's it's
the anchors turned
to do the processing then they'll see a
confirmation screen
and when the actual deposit resolves
much later if they're if the app is open
they'll see a notification in the app
if the app is not open they should see a
push notification
so I'm gonna I'm gonna go through the
exact same flow and
tell you the precise api calls
and specifically the the sdk calls
that we use
to to make this happen so our app is
written in react native so
we use a javascript wallet sdk
that Stellar maintains to handle the
interactions with
with the anchors the wallet sdk contains
several tools that make it easier for
wallets to interact with the Stellar
network
and one of the most important ones that
we use is the deposit provider
there's also a corresponding withdrawal
provider and this just provides a really
easy to use api for step 24 and some
common
use patterns that you'll need to do
with them
so firstly we
we want vibrant to be as easy as used
for as possible for users
so that means we want to we want to
pick tokens that
where we know the anchor that is
issuing them
we understand that their their business
practices are
are what we need that they're legally
their sound and their country
and that their user interface is clear
and understandable
so so for now we have a hard-coded list
of the currencies that we support
and each time we call out to an
anchor we need to authorize that
that call and and
let the anchor know that the person
who's making the call has
has ownership over the the Stellar
token that they want to deposit withdraw
from
so the way we do that is we request a
step 10 auth token
from each anchor now the
the actual Stellar key on the app is
secured
with the wallet sdk's key manager class
it the key manager class also has a
function called
fetch off token and that that handles
the full exchange of
the challenge transaction and signing
the challenge transaction
it basically handles that that
hand-off so
all the app does is call fetch auth
token
on the key manager and then we we also
call deposit providers set up auth token
so that
subsequent requests using deposit
provider will be authorized with that
token
now there's an implementation
implementation detail right now where
we don't we've chosen not to worry about
timeouts and we just call
we just fetch the auth token before
every call but in the future we might
have have smarter timeouts because for
each step 10 call there's there's two
round trips
and that can get expensive especially
on mobile where the connections aren't
as good
but for now we don't want to worry about
timeouts so we just get an auth token
before every
api call
so on this screen when we we need to
show the users roughly how long a
transaction will take to
process and minimize the maximums so
the positive provider has a function get
asset info that fetches these minimums
and maximums
it does not have i don't think it has or
it does not have I don't think it has or
it has inconsistent support for
processing time so for now those are
hard-coded
on this screen when a user taps the
continue button
we use a the start deposit function on
the deposit provider
to initiate the deposit and this request
includes some information that makes
the deposit a little bit smoother so we
we send to the anchor the wallet name
and the url
of the wallet and that's so in some
cases the anchor can customize the ui to
be closer to the wallet
we also include some some information
that
that pre-fills some know your customer
fields
so that right now that's email phone
number and name that's basically all the
information
we collect from that vibrant collects
from the user
again that's all in the goal of making
things as easy as possible for the user
the anchor will respond to the start
deposit request
with two things one is a url and the
other
is the an id for the deposit we're going
to use that id a little bit later but
for now
we we use a webview to load the url
and this loads a a user interface that
is
a a web user interface the anchor
manages that that user interface they're
in charge of everything that occurs in
that web view
this is going to be kyc info
amount they're going to generate
those
those deposit instructions later
basically anything that the anchor needs
to be able to
to do this deposit for the user
since the web a web view is a black box
we can't really tell when the user is
done and when the anchor has to take
over
but the app the app needs to react
that information
we don't just want to sit on a page we
want
to be able to know when to move on from
it so to do that we need to ask the
anchor for all that information
so in order to do this we need to
use the deposit id that the anchor gave
us earlier
so so firstly once we have the deposit
id we save it to our servers
so that to vibrant servers so that if
the user closes the app and then
opens it again later we can resume this
session again
and we use a function in the deposit
provider called watch all transactions
it's basically it basically keeps a
channel open to
the anchor and updates provides a
callback
whenever that transaction changes status
so this is kind of the object that we
get from the anchor
and the important field that we're
looking for is a status field and that's
lets us know where where the transaction
is in its workflow
usually anchors only create this start
returning this object after the user
finishes out the form
sometimes it happens slightly before or
after
i think it will the status will usually
I think it will the status will usually
be incomplete
if the user has is still filling out
details or
the anchor still needs to collect
information
once the user is so another another
another status it could be is pending
user or pending user transfer start
so whenever whenever the status is
describes a state where the user still
has to fill out information
we continue to show this screen and
again we
if you close and reopen the app we use
the depos deposit id to resume the
deposit
and these this this object also
has a more info url
that can can resume the deposit
so what when a user is in the state it's
possible that
they they change their mind and they
don't actually want to
go through with a deposit anymore maybe
they don't
maybe they just see a reason they can't
do the deposit so so when a user is in a
state
we we show this cancel pending
transaction button at the bottom
of the screen and behind the scenes all
that does
is remove the deposit id from our
servers so we no longer
we no longer keep watch of that
particular deposit id
and it lets the user create a new
deposit intent if they want to
there's we also do things like forget
deposits that are longer than an hour
and old just
so it keeps the ui clean
so if if we get a transaction status
back from the anchor and it's
it's a status that indicates that the
anchor is waiting for
or the user is waiting for something
that the anchor has to do which is
basically
pending anchor pending external pending
trust pending pending Stellar
we should that's that's when we show
this
this processing confirmation screen
we also have a backend service so
this is this is how we implement the
push notifications we have a back-end
service
that watches every transaction on the
Stellar network
whatever a transaction a payment
transaction comes in
it checks to see if the recipient of the
transaction
is a vibrant user and if it is then we
if the recipient is a vibrant user and
the sender
is an anchor then that that back-end
service will
call out to google or to apple to send a
push notification
withdrawals work basically the same way
the only difference is after
this request will will
be the app will make a Stellar payment
to the anchor
to kind of kick off the first step so
whereas during a deposit
we're waiting for the user to send funds
to the anchor via their bank
or credit card during withdrawal the
user is sending funds to the anchor via
the seller network and this is just an
ordinary Stellar payment
so that's pretty much it it's not very
complicated but
it wasn't it was complicated to figure
out the right steps to get there but
there's not a lot of stuff going on so
I'm happy to answer any questions that
anyone has
as they come in
okay so the first question is in which
countries is
vibrant eligible to use
so right now i think
so right now I think
i haven't looked at the actual app store
I haven't looked at the actual app store
distribution list lately
i think it's only released in argentina
I think it's only released in argentina
but it could be wrong it might be
worldwide we right now we only support
usdx which is anchored by anchor usd and
arst which is anchored by stablex
we're planning to
to support further tokens and further
geographies but for now our
our efforts in terms of marketing and
social media and
you know getting people install the app
is focused in argentina but i think you
is focused in argentina but I think you
can
install the app no matter where you are
geographically
someone asked can payment be reversed
from user input
address error so i think it's possible
address error so I think it's possible
to do
so but it'll it'll occur the way
any any bank transaction occurs
which is on the anchor side so if the
user
enters in the wrong credit card number
or something the anchor should have
all the information
to resolve that they have the user's
contact information
they have all their details so it's
really
it's kind of the decentralized ethos
that that
we have that Stellar has created this
this anchor system
and the user's kind of interface with
the anchor to deal with any transaction
issues
someone else asked can the user send
money directly to another user's bank
account
i think this feature is planned in the
I think this feature is planned in the
in the future but right now
in vibrant all person-to-person
transactions use the seller network
using Stellar payments
so so each party will have either had to
get funds from someone else or
or done a deposit like i showed you to
or done a deposit like I showed you to
to have money in the app
someone asked are these libraries for
using sep 24
available for golang right now the
wallet sdk is written in javascript
and there there isn't any any project
to port it to other languages
the go i i don't intimately know the
the go I don't intimately know the
state of the go sdk it may
have some of these but these are the
the wallet sdk is only an interface
into that that sort of cleans up all
these api calls
they're at at heart they're just http
requests so even if you don't we don't
we don't have a wallet sdk for go it's
still possible to reproduce all this
functionality
using using a normal http request
i think some new questions are coming in
I think some new questions are coming in
that that they're they're sorting out
now
okay looks like that's it so thanks
everyone for listening to my talk
if you have any questions you can reach
me at morley vibrant.cash
but otherwise thanks a lot for listening
and see you next time soon
you